gasps to TGI editorial unhappy through
the seven Commission they don't like
scratch this one set up slow at least we
took it slow we probably prohibit honey
is going to do it just move slow not
really up for going so fast getting high
on snowboards and just to make it
through yeah maybe is to it yep somehow
I find whoever is a better sniper should
probably pick up the sniper rifle save
your friend from puppies because puppies
can ruin your day spit nice slow pull
some rims because that's what we do
because we're all going to keep it like
real don't didn't even show breakneck
one anyway when you doing this mission
when you go down the stairs mobiles fall
on the left side and he's gonna jump
down and more people respond on the left
side again so take end then just keeps
following on this area and to all three
drop there's three in this area Intel so
just wait to all three drop and then
every time you pick one up more people
will swollen again it's kind of annoying
its kind
hot for dogs they suck see ya your
sniping just stay up here my friend with
the assault rifle then two years ago and
he's gonna collect me Intel um I should
just stay up here the entire time till
he got all three and then just moved off
down the street but I decided to move
with him I figured we were done right
all three intelligent they told us to
move like pottery we're doing no really
no I play just keeps falling so anything
is watch her friendly bar he likes to
shoot me in the back cuz I like to walk
in front of him so you and my partner so
yeah just watch where you're going I
think we're clear now so just keep
moving yeah this is a barbarian shelter
so friggin why'd you do that
I basically got him killed there because
I trying to save the life yep good stuff
I like this card like the hybrid side
it's cool whenever I get it tell you to
use it on the line using with my cm9 a
warm cuz that's an awesome game I have
not hundred museum board I like to be in
for like the important it's like using
it right now i have been using it cuz
the iron sights are balls get yeah
there's sentry guns I hard to tell you
in the first part on the right side of
their sentry on so you walk through the
room the sentiment up there there's some
time to the left that I show up before
there's just such a been behind the
fence over here let's see you in a
second I should go read but since you're
getting there so just be careful taking
taking over time and there's puppy up
against me in face
I name is like dang I miss my circle and
it's the breakneck opportunity but I
still shot him in the face
don't remember switching to the skill I
think I just literally fell down got up
and having just got 100 here I didn't
pay attention i didn't hear the dogs i
didn't see anything but i got on the
back because my phone was trying to save
him from a dog home brace right here i'd
throw a flashbang down the toddler's
only cuz I minute they sir she needed
you can't you back sometimes it's really
annoying that's another reason I suggest
you work with a partner because they
don't really get that much easier when
you're a little it's just there's a few
less people but it's still better than
their senator Joey would relatively bad
so doing I capsule a partner missions
like this is incredibly smart I did not
like that chicken and then you're gonna
kill those guys it's could be possible
design refugees and leave your toilets
and God is going to drop missiles on
them unless you have a second television
it came from God and that's it hope this
was helpful you guys if not you leave a
comment or has something and I don't see
if I can help you see how this forward